Update detect-threats-built-in.md (#84660)
Azure/azure-content: articles/sentinel/detect-threats-built-in.md

| <a name="fusion"></a>**Fusion**<br>(some detections in Preview) | Microsoft Sentinel uses the Fusion correlation engine, with its scalable machine learning algorithms, to detect advanced multistage attacks by correlating many low-fidelity alerts and events across multiple products into high-fidelity and actionable incidents. Fusion is enabled by default. Because the logic is hidden and therefore not customizable, you can only create one rule with this template. <br><br>The Fusion engine can also correlate alerts produced by [scheduled analytics rules](#scheduled) with those from other systems, producing high-fidelity incidents as a result. |
| **Machine learning (ML) behavioral analytics** | ML behavioral analytics templates are based on proprietary Microsoft machine learning algorithms, so you cannot see the internal logic of how they work and when they run. <br><br>Because the logic is hidden and therefore not customizable, you can only create one rule with each template of this type. |

> | <a name="anomaly"></a>**Anomaly**<br>(Preview) | Anomaly rule templates use customiable machine learning based anomalies to detect specific types of anomalous behavior. Each rule has its own unique parameters and thresholds, appropriate to the behavior being analyzed. <br><br>While these rule configurations can't be changed or fine-tuned, you can duplicate the rule, change and fine-tune the duplicate. In such cases, run the duplicate in **Flighting** mode and the original concurrently in **Production** mode. Then compare results, and switch the duplicate to **Production** if and when its fine-tuning is to your liking. <br><br>For more information, see [Use SOC-ML anomalies to detect threats in Microsoft Sentinel](soc-ml-anomalies.md) and [Work with anomaly detection analytics rules in Microsoft Sentinel](work-with-anomaly-rules.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="anomaly"></a>**Anomaly**<br>(Preview) | Anomaly rule templates use machine learning to detect specific types of anomalous behavior. Each rule has its own unique parameters and thresholds, appropriate to the behavior being analyzed. <br><br>While the configurations of out-of-the-box rules can't be changed or fine-tuned, you can duplicate a rule and then change and fine-tune the duplicate. In such cases, run the duplicate in **Flighting** mode and the original concurrently in **Production** mode. Then compare results, and switch the duplicate to **Production** if and when its fine-tuning is to your liking. <br><br>For more information, see [Use customizable anomalies to detect threats in Microsoft Sentinel](soc-ml-anomalies.md) and [Work with anomaly detection analytics rules in Microsoft Sentinel](work-with-anomaly-rules.md). |
```
